---
layout: page
title: Organizers
permalink: /organizers/
---

[**Geneva M. Smith**, Ph.D.](https://hcigames.com/geneva-m-smith/) is a postdoctoral scholar and member of the Games Institute and HCI@Waterloo at the University of Waterloo, Canada. She develops methods and tools for IDN design and evaluation. Her previous work combined insights from game design, software engineering, affective science, and literary analysis to develop methods for the design and evaluation of generated game character emotions in service of character believability in game narratives. This is one factor that distinguishes IDNs from fixed narratives. She has presented her work as part of
interdisciplinary panels at conferences for media ecology and interactive storytelling for games.

<!--
**Lissa Holloway-Attaway**, Ph.D. is an Associate Professor in Media Arts, Aesthetics, and Narration and a member of the Games, Arts, Media, Experience (GAME) Research Group at the University of Skövde, a co-chair of the “New Media, Digital Cultures and Social Imaginaries in Feminist Posthumanities” research strand at the GEXcel International Collegium for Advanced Transdisciplinary Gender Studies, an executive board member of ARDIN, and a core member of the EU COST action INDCOR, which positions IDNs as a means to communicate complex topics . She conducts interdisciplinary research on a range of digital media and its varied expressive forms and genres. Her interest in emergent media developments and new forms of digital expression and narrative strategies—from social media, to gaming technologies, experimental literature, mixed media performance, and virtual and augmented reality—drives her work.
-->

[**Christian Roth**, Ph.D.](http://www.spieleforschung.de/en/) is a media psychologist, a postdoctoral researcher and lecturer teaching interactive narrative design and impactful game design at the HKU University of Arts Utrecht, Netherlands, a co-founder of GameCamp Berlin, and a core member of the EU COST action INDCOR, which positions IDNs as a means to communicate complex topics. Roth is an advocate for positive change through immersive narrative experiences that encourage experimentation and perspective-taking. His work stands at the intersection of academia, education, art, and practical application, exploring and evaluating the use of interactive narratives, games, and extended realities for personal growth, transformative learning, and systemic thinking.

[**Mark Hancock**, Ph.D.](https://uwaterloo.ca/management-science-engineering/profile/m2hancoc) is the Associate Director of the Games Institute, Chair of the Department of Management Science and Engineering, and Director of the Touchlab at the University of Waterloo. He investigates novel interaction in games, mixed reality, and multi-touch digital surfaces, with a focus on physical-like 3D interaction. His work on narrative-specific gestures for digital tables  and towards creating new and preserving existing narratives of physical artifacts and curated collections when migrating to digital formats  are some examples that inform his work on IDNs.

[**Lennart E. Nacke**, Ph.D.](https://hcigames.com/lennart-nacke/) is the Associate Director of Graduate Studies at the Stratford School of Interaction Design and Business, and the Director of the interdisciplinary HCI Games Group at the University of Waterloo. A pioneer in games and user experience, he conducts interdisciplinary research on interaction modalities and user modelling. His extensive work on game user research is invaluable for understanding, designing, and developing IDNs from a human-centred design (HCD) perspective.
